Add Fusion licensing note (#99)
seqeralabs/docs: fusion_docs/index.mdx

storage. Fusion enables seamless filesystem I/O to cloud object stores via a standard POSIX interface resulting in
simpler pipeline logic and faster, more efficient pipeline execution.

:::note 

> Fusion is licensed by Seqera and can be used in Seqera Platform or integrated directly with Nextflow.

Author: ```suggestion
Fusion requires a license for use beyond limited testing and validation within Seqera Platform or directly within Nextflow. Contact Seqera for more details.
```

> Fusion requires a license for use beyond limited testing and validation within Seqera Platform or directly within Nextflow. Contact Seqera for more details.

Reviewer: Maybe a link to sales here.

> Fusion requires a license for use beyond limited testing and validation within Seqera Platform or directly within Nextflow. Contact Seqera for more details.

Author: ```suggestion
Fusion requires a license for use beyond limited testing and validation within Seqera Platform or directly within Nextflow. [Contact Seqera](https://seqera.io/contact-us/) for more details.
```
